This is one of my previous homework assignments. As mentioned, this uses the principle of stacks and depreciated stream tokenizer. 

Some of my assignments are 100% done from scratch, while others are based off of a skeleton I was provided. This one was done from scratch. We had little hints in this assignment, but nothing more. They might be useful for some of you out there, but their real intent is to document my progress... and hopefully look back and feel proud at some point?


-----------------------------------------
This assignment wasn't too bad, I had to do extra reading before starting it since I wasn't familiar with streamTokenizers. Once I got over the 'learning curve' most of it was self explanatory. The most challenging part of this assignment was handling self closing tags. At first I tried to handle them using an if statement which checked to see if the current token was a / then inside of that if statement, it would check to see if the next character was a >. It didn't work and I later found out I had to do a while loop. The way I had arranged the while loop before seemed to work in some cases but not all, finding out what the problem was took a lot of thinking and debugging. I later found out that the placement of my loop was incorrect and I placed it inside of my main if statement, but even then there was an issue. Going to class on Tuesday clarified how I should program the self closing tag section, it made sense to loop until the program has found a > and then in an outside if statement, check to see if the previous token was a / and pop the word that was recently placed in the stack. I initially had thought of something that would go to the previous token, but did not know how to implement it since I was looking at the streamTokenizer documentation and thought it was not possible to do so. I also had a problem with the ' character, it was apparently causing my program a lot of errors, and I did not know this for the longest time. At first it didn't make sense to me when a file compiled when I used it as an html file than if I typed in the url of the site... I don't know if this has anything to do with the ' but it seems like that's the case. I had to make ' an ordinary character. Because of this error, I'm wondering if the while loop I had previously was actually faulty.